Add flatcar IRC information in the doc (#419)
flatcar/flatcar: README.md

For quick questions or for just hanging out with the community please use
* Our matrix chat (via element.io): [https://app.element.io/#/room/#flatcar:matrix.org](https://app.element.io/#/room/#flatcar:matrix.org)

> * Our IRC channel (Libera.chat): #[flatcar](ircs://irc.libera.chat:6697/#flatcar)

Reviewer: Thanks for the update.
As the matrix channel is primary, can we word this like 
```suggestion
* A bridged IRC channel (Libera.chat): #[flatcar](ircs://irc.libera.chat:6697/#flatcar) channel is also available
```

Reviewer: or something similar. When we moved off freenode, we had intentionally _not_ mentioned a replacement IRC channel :-)
